use customized region size (#8776)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md

If Region followers have not received the heartbeat from the leader within the `raft-election-timeout` interval, these followers determine that the leader has failed and start a new election. `raft-heartbeat-interval` is the interval at which a leader sends a heartbeat to followers. Therefore, increasing the value of `raft-base-tick-interval` can reduce the number of network messages sent from Raft state machines but also makes it longer for Raft state machines to detect the leader failure.

### Method 6: Adjust Region size

> The default size of Region is 96 MiB, you can reduce the Region number by adjusting it to a larger value. For more information, see [Tune Region Performance](/tune-region-performance.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default size of a Region is 96 MiB, and you can reduce the number of Regions by setting Regions to a larger size. For more information, see [Tune Region Performance](/tune-region-performance.md).
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > Currently, customized Region size is an experimental feature introduced in TiDB v6.1.0. It is not recommended that you use it in production environments. The risks are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, customized Region size is an experimental feature introduced in TiDB v6.1.0. It is not recommended that you use it in production environments. The risks are as follows:
```

>

> > + More prone to performance jitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + Performance jitter might be caused.
```
